Q: Feature Question 
1. Show how to include a variable in a page using PHP

Answer : $_SESSION is a superglobal variable through which we can include a variable 
         in a PHP page.

2. Show three ways to include content from another file in PHP

Answer : 3 ways are -
        a) include "<file_path>" or include_once "<file_path>"
        b) require "<file_path>" or require_once "<file_path>"
        c) use <canonical_namespace_to_target_file>

Q. Adventure Question  
Describe the MVC design pattern as it applies to web servers - start from initial HTTP request and end with writing the response.

Answer : MVC or Model-View-Controller is a design pattern adopted in many web application for it's clear separation
         among data, business and representation layer. A short introduction of terms - 
         M => Model - The data layer, responsible for accessing, persisting and manipulating the backend data layer, where data
         layer can be anything from a traditional Relational Database, NoSQL Database, XML datastore, flat files or any other.
         V => View - The representation layer, responsible to display the data in a manner useful for understanding for the user 
         and also to enable user to act on the data.
         C => Controller - The business layer, this layer is responsible to bridge between the data and representation layer.
         Also, this layer implements all the crucial business logic, which operates on data.
         
         From a server point of view - 
         a) User initiates a request using an URL, most probably using a browser
         b) DNS resolves the URL to point to the server IP
         c) The target server, that listens to the specified port (usually 80, for HTTP connection) receives the request
         d) The server then resolves the context path, and routes the request to the initial controller - this 
            is the starting point for the MVC (and the application). The controller can be literally anything from a 
            servlet, PHP file to controllers provided by web application frameworks, like Zend for PHP, or Struts, JSF
            in Java.
         e) Controllers intercept the request, reads the data sent by user in form of query (GET) or request body data (POST),
            deduce what action it needs to take, instantiates the data objects - here Model starts to work.
         f) The Model then does perform on the data as requested, example of such operation can be create, update, delete and 
            access of data.
         g) On successfully operation on the data, Controllers then decide which View to redirect and performs the redirection.
         h) View understands how the data to be displayed by and how to enable user to interact with the data.

Q: Feature Question 
Describe the pros and cons of version control.

Answer : Pros :
         a) Reduces, and eliminates the chance of accidental deletion of any code or data
         b) Easy to revert back to an earlier version in case current version shows any problem
         c) Easy to track any bug, it's source, resolution and cause
         d) Helps many developers, QA personnel to collaborate on the same code without strictly 
            requiring any manual synchronization.
         e) Almost all modern day version control system has ability to create branches, tags - thus 
            helps to work simultaneously on many versions of the same code. This is very useful when
            there is a working/released version - which goes through minimal change, but another version
            (nightly/bleeding edge) which may be unstable and not to be released.
         f) Helps to track  code-coverage and on the trend of code quality.
         g) Integration with Continuous Build Integration Tools.
         h) Provides basic security on the codebase.
         
         Cons : It is really tough to figure out one, though
         a) Some version control system requires a little time to learn.
         b) It may need some patience to integrate existing codebase with a selected version control system
         
         


